This application allows users to manage their comic book collections and arrange 
trades with other users. Public API data should be used to enhance the import and
display of collection items.

Users 
    Anonymous User
    Can browse registered users' collection marked as "Public" Can see aggregate data 
    about all collections (i.e. total number of Spiderman comics in all collections)

    Standard User
    Can create personal collection with up to 100 comics. Can do all thing Anonymous 
    users can do

    Premium User
    Can store unlimited number of comics in collection

Register
    As an anonymous user, I should be able to create a Standard or Premium user account.

Login
    As an anonymous user, I should be able to log into the system.

View Collection
    Displays all comics from a user's collection.

    Anonymous users can only see collections that owners have marked as Public.

Create Collection
    As a Standard or Premium user, I can create a collection. Users can have multiple 
    collections.

View Collection Statistics
    Displays statistics about the collection. Options include things like "Number of 
    comics for [x] superhero" or "Number of Marvel comics". Talk to Product Owner to 
    approve the specific statistics.

View Aggregate Statistics
    As an anonymous user, view aggregate statistics for all collections. i.e., Total 
    comic books in all collections; total Marvel comics in all collections, Total 
    Spiderman comics in all collections.

Add a Comic
    As a Standard or Premium user, add a comic to your collection. If Standard user, 
    can only add 100 comics. As premium user, can add unlimited comics.

------------------- OPTIONAL --------------------

Share Collection Link
    As a Standard or Premium user, can send a URL to a friend who can see my collection, 
    regardless of whether it is marked as public or not.

Get Comic Info from API (Marvel, UPC, and/or other)
    See Marvel Developer Portal, comicVine, or others

Leaderboards
    Display usernames who have the most comics in various categories

Friends List
    Allow users to create a Friends List. Friends can see other friends' collections 
    regardless of whether those collections are marked as "Public"

"Complete My Collection" Info
    Use an API to discover which comics are missing from a collection - i.e. full run of 
    Spiderman; All comics by Stan Lee; etc.

Bulk Add / import
    Add multiple comics on the same screen, or upload a CSV/TSV (or other format) file 
    to add multiple comics.

Export Collection
    Export collection info to CSV/TSV file (or other format). Can be imported again 
    using Bulk Add.

Trade with another user
    As a user I want to arrange a trade of item(s) from my collection for item(s) from 
    the collection of another user.